Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
The end of the year is getting closer now...
...While I was sorting out everything, I found a lot of data that I installed and never used!
So then in this occasion, I'll be processing at extreme speed...!
...The data that I cleaned and installed previously to show it to you guys!
In this occasion, let's start at once!
"Hakase Taro"
(Famous Japanese musician known for his passion for playing)
♪ Cha cha cha cha chaaa cha cha cha cha cha cha chaaaa ♪
"Lady Gaga"
Ga ga ga ga ga ga ga!
"Usain Bolt"
Ichiro
(Famous Baseball player)
Ichiro? Ichiro?
*batting*
Homerun!
"Steve Jobs"
IPhone X
"Nishikori Kei"
(Famous Tennis player)
I’m only playing tennis, right?
"Takeshi Kitano"
What the hell is going on with you?
Daffunda
(Phrase used by Japanese comedian, Ken Shimura)
"Mario"
♪ Te ten terererente ten ♪
"Raoh"
(Character from the anime Hokuto no Ken)
Raoh?
Instantaneous ramen!
(Word play with an instant ramen brand called Raou)
"Dio"
(Character from the anime JoJo's Bizarre Adventure)
Joooooojooooooo!
"Uzumaki Naruto"
I am...
...going to be the king of pirates-dattebayo!!
"Lupin III"
Fujiko-chaaaan!
"Gochuumon wa usagi desu ka? Chino-chan"
(Kafuu Chino, character from the anime "Gochuumon wa usagi desu ka?")
Cappuchino!
"Kimi no na wa / Mitsuha-chan"
Ah! Ah! Ah!
I have boobs!
Have we...?
Swapped our bodies?
Of course not...
"Batman"
"Darth Vader"
*lightsaber noises*
"Pirates Of The Caribbean / Jack Sparrow"
♪ Taratata taratata taratata taratan... ♪
*sword clashing noises*
"Beauty and the beast! Belle!"
Are you talking about me?
"Perry"
(Matthew Calbraith Perry: Naturalist and naval officer from the US)
My name is Perry
Lower your head!
"Marco Polo"
Maru... Maru... Marco Polo!
(Maru in Japanese means circle)
"Galileo Galilei"
It's really interesting
(Imitating Manabu Yukawa from the "Galileo" drama)
"Gagarin"
(Yuri Gagarin: Soviet cosmonaut, first human being to travel to outer space)
Gagaaaaa...!
...Rin!
"Nightingale"
(Florence Nightingale: Precursor to professional modern nursing)
That's bananas!
"Edison"
(Thomas Edison: Famous inventor from the US)
Waaaahhh! Electricity!
Manbiki G-men
(Japanese television program in which filmed store thieves while undercover)
"Very busy store employee"
In total, it’ll be 711 yen!
Ah, Mr. customer!
I heated it up!
(Generally the food is heated by the employees)
Ah! Yes, 711 yen, right?
Yes, ah, ah, Edy?
(Edy = Electronic money system with which you can pay even by using a cellphone)
A nikuman?
Here you go!
Yes!
"A person happy to get a 5 star character in an summoning that realizes that it's not the character they wanted"
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah, incredible! Ah! Ah!
Let's go, let's go
I’m sure that it's Nico-chan! Nico-chan!
AAAAAHHHHHH!
"A stewardess trying with all her strength to place the luggage in the compartments above"
"The first person that’s killed during a zombie movie"
Ah? Zombies?
Are you crazy?
I’m not scared, I’m not scared, I’ll go take a look
Waaaahhh!
♪ Zom... zom... zom... ♪
(Parody of the store chain song "Don Quijote")
* Translated by Vortex and ととと *
♪ Zombie... ♪
♪ Hoteee... ♪
♪ I’m a Zombie! ♪